
`Container` is a good example of ECS composition: storage behavior comes from the `Container` component, while contents are represented through generic entity parent/child relationships and the items themselves are separate `InventoryItem` components.

## Purpose

The `Container` component gives an entity storage semantics. It controls whether items can be inserted, removed, listed, or inspected as contents.

## Model

The `Container` Dojo model is composed by:

```
#[dojo::model]
pub struct Container {
    #[key]
    pub inst: felt252,
    pub is_container: bool,

    /// Properties ///
    /// If the container can be opened
    pub can_be_opened: bool,

    /// If the container can receive items
    pub can_receive_items: bool,

    /// If the container is open
    pub is_open: bool,

    /// Total number of slots of the container
    pub num_slots: u32,

    // pub accept_tags: Array<Tag>,
    pub action_map: Array<ActionMapContainer>,
}
```

### Variables Characteristics

- `inst`: Is the unique ID of the entity/object to whom the component is attached to.
- `is_container`: Indicates existence marker if the object is a container or not.

- `can_be_opened`: Indicates whether the object can be open or close.

- `can_receive_items`: Indicates whether storage is allowed.

- `is_open`: Indicates current state.

- `num_slots`: Indicates the amount of objects capable of storing.

- `action_map`:  Links the verb-to-container-function mapping.


```
pub struct ActionMapContainer {
    /// The action verb
    pub action: ByteArray,

    /// The inst of the component that the action is attached to
    pub inst: felt252,
    
    ///  The types of actions
    pub action_fn: ContainerActions,
}

pub enum ContainerActions {
    #[default]
    Open,
    Close,
    Check,
}
```

- `action`: The verb that can be used to interact with the object.
  
- `inst`: The inst of the container component.
  
- `action_fn`:  The type of action to be executed when interaction with the objec through the verb:
	- `Open`:  Change the `is_open` variable to `true` which will allow to check the container state.
	- `Close:` Change the `is_open` variable to `false` which will restringe the amount of information when checking the container state.
	- `Check`: Provides information about the state of the container such as status, can store or not, what objects are stored among other information.